Adding dutch auction (#39)
gear-tech/apps: dutch-auction/README.md

# Dutch auction

## Introduction
A Dutch auction is one of several types of auctions for buying or selling goods. Most commonly, it means an auction in which the auctioneer begins with a high asking price in the case of selling, and lowers it until some participant accepts the price, or it reaches a predetermined reserve price. A Dutch auction has also been called a clock auction or open-outcry descending-price auction. This type of auction shows the advantage of speed since a sale never requires more than one bid.

## Prerequisites

> [Gear ERC-721](https://wiki.gear-tech.io/developing-contracts/examples/erc-721#erc-721-interface)

Reviewer: link is broken
```suggestion
[Gear ERC-721](https://wiki.gear-tech.io/examples/gnft-721#what-is-erc-721)
```

## Contract description
### Actions
```rust
pub enum Action {
    Buy,
    Create(CreateConfig),
}
```

> - `Buy` is an action to buy an ERC-721 token by current price

Reviewer 2: Now we don't mention Ethereum
```suggestion
- `Buy` is an action to buy an non-fungible token by current price
```
